fix: missing title warning for buttons and anchor tags (#16872)
sveltejs/svelte: .changeset/shiny-chicken-occur.md

---
'svelte': patch
---

> fix: missing title warning for buttons and anchor tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: silence label warning for buttons and anchor tags with title attributes
```
